README.md, before:

# ACME Readme Generator

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## <a name="Description"></a>Description

Generates README.md files from user input, and somehow involves a giant magnet, a catapult, and a bird running on the roads of the American southwest.

## <a name="Table of Contents"></a>Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Credits](#Credits)
- [Testing](#Testing)
- [Questions](#Questions)
- [License](#License)

## <a name="Installation"></a>Installation

I haven't worked out the installation instructions yet

## <a name="Usage"></a>Usage

- Click [Go]
- Do wonderful stuff
- click [Stop]

## <a name="Credits"></a>Credits

Thank you to Ben B Wright for help simplifying the promise handling.

## <a name="Testing"></a>Testing

- Open a defect tracking system.
- Bang at the app for a while.
- Note the things that go 'clunk' or 'kaboom!'

## <a name="Questions"></a>Questions

Find this and other projects on GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/users/crestonesoftware">crestonesoftware</a>

Got questions? Contact me: <a href="mailto:clever-dev@website.com">clever-dev@website.com</a>

## <a name="License"></a>License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.

Commit message:

Updated installation, usage and credits

README.md, after:

# ACME Readme Generator

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## <a name="Description"></a>Description

Generates README.md files from user input, and somehow involves a giant magnet, a catapult, and a bird running on the roads of the American southwest.

## <a name="Table of Contents"></a>Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Credits](#Credits)
- [Testing](#Testing)
- [Questions](#Questions)
- [License](#License)

## <a name="Installation"></a>Installation

- clone this repo to your local machine
- cd to the root of the repo
- install node modules with "npm i"
- run the application with "node index"

## <a name="Usage"></a>Usage

- cd to the root of the repo
- run the application with "node index"
- provide input at the prompts
- find your generated README.md file in ./output/README.md

## <a name="Credits"></a>Credits

Thank you to 
- Ben B Wright for his help with simplifying the promise handling code.
- Microsoft Pilot AI for sample code snippets. These snippets were not incorporated into the application. Rather, they showed me a few fine points of syntax.

## <a name="Testing"></a>Testing

- Open a defect tracking system
- Bang at the app for a while
- Note the things that go 'clunk' or 'kaboom!'

## <a name="Questions"></a>Questions

Find this and other projects on GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/users/crestonesoftware">crestonesoftware</a>

Got questions? Contact me: <a href="mailto:clever-dev@website.com">clever-dev@website.com</a>

## <a name="License"></a>License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.
